System Requirements (Assuming the main web site, web service site and DBMS are all runnnig on one server instead of separate servers):
Computer with 1.4 GHz or higher processor (2 GHz or faster is recommended) 
Minimum 1GB of RAM (2 GB or more is recommended)
15 GB of free hard disk space
Operating Systems: Windows Server 2003 Service Pack 2, or Windows Server 2008, or Windows Vista

Simplified Instructions for new Rintagi developer (Administrative rights required):
Step 1: Add IIS 6/7 feature in Windows (must select ASP.NET 2.0 + sub-feature)
Step 2: Download and install Visual Web Developer 2008 Express Edition, or Visual Studio 2008 standard or higher with SP1;
Step 3: Download and install SQL Server Express 2005/2008 with Advanced Service, or install SQL Server 2005/2008;
Step 3a: Configure SQL Reporting Service via "Configuration Tools -> Reporting Services Configuration" found in the start menu;
Step 3b: Use http://localhost/Reports and http://localhost/ReportServer for the manager/web service URL respectively;
Step 4: Download and install Microsoft Visual J#® 2.0 Redistributable Package;
Step 5: Download and install Windows SDK for Windows Server 2008 and .NET Framework 3.5;
Step 6: Download and install Microsoft Ajax Control Toolkits 2.0;
Step 7: Download and install Crystal Reports Basic for Visual Studio 2008 (skip if Visual Studio 2008 standard or higher is installed);
Step 8: Configure ASP.NET Webpart by running: C:\WINDOWS\Microsoft.NET\Framework\v2.0.50727\aspnet_regsql.exe;
Step 8a: Create SQL login user “Persona”(password “Persona”) and give full right(dbo) to database “aspnetdb” created;
Step 9: Add windows user “WsUser” and “WsRptUser” with password “HJGY545646hgshEE33hb”;
Step 10: Add “WsRptUser” to SQL Reporting Service as “Browser/Publisher” via "http://localhost/Reports -> Properties -> New Role Assignment”;
Step 11: Install Rintagi via "Install.exe";

Running Install.exe:
1. Check "New" if a new application is to be created;
2. "db Path" is where the physical database will be created;
3. "Developer" is for creating or upgrading development application;
4. "Production" is for creating or upgrading production application;
5. "NameSpace" should be limited to at most three characters representing a unique application;
6. "Web Server" is used to populate Web.config and is assumed to be the same for the Web server, Web Service Server and Report Service Server;
7. "?" is additonal help;
8. "i" is release notes;
9. "!" is installation log which only shows up after installation is completed;
10. "Client Tier" is the virtual directory for the main web site;
11. "Web Service Tier" is the web service web site;
12. "Reporting Service URL" is the URL for SQL Reporting Service web service (replace "ServerName" with the appropriate web server);
13. "Rule Tier", if visible, is the path where Business Facade, Access Layer, etc. are located;
14. "Server Name, User Name and Password" are the credential for the SQL server;
15. "Client" and "Server" are paths for Backing up Client programs and existing databases (Backup prior to upgrading);

After running Install.exe, if new development application:
1. Make sure the Rintagi installer of the same version is also executed after the application installer execution;
2. Try login to the new application using user name "John Doe" and password "JohnDoe" as systems administrator;
3. Verify all settings in Web.config of the Web Server and Web Service Server are correct, if necessary;
4. Rename ??TmplD design database name to desired database name and add relevant data database as a pair;
   For example, if namespace is "XX" and application name is "Abc", ??TmplD should be renamed to "XXAbcD" and create a corresponding database called "XXAbc";
5. Adjust entries in maintenance tables: Systems, Entity, ClientTier, RuleTier, and DataTier, if necessary;
